RUMM-1170 Continuous trace support when using RxJava and Retrofit (#544)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/trace_collection.md

**Note**: If you use multiple Interceptors, this one must be called first.

### RxJava

> To provide a continuous trace inside a RxJava stream you need to follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide a continuous trace inside a RxJava stream, follow the steps below:
```

> 1. Add the [OpenTracing for RxJava][8] dependency into your project and follow the **Readme** file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the [OpenTracing for RxJava][8] dependency to your project and follow the `README` file 
```

>    for instructions. For example for a continuous trace you just have to add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for instructions. For example, add the following for a continuous trace:
```

   ```kotlin
   TracingRxJava3Utils.enableTracing(GlobalTracer.get())
   ```

> 2. Then in your project open a scope when the Observable is subscribed and close it when it completes. Any span

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your project, open a scope when the observable is subscribed and close it when it completes. Any span
```

>    created inside the stream operators will be displayed inside this scope (parent Span):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   created inside the stream operators is displayed inside this scope (parent span):
```

   ```kotlin
   Single.fromSupplier{}
        .subscribeOn(Schedulers.io())
        .map { 
            val span = GlobalTracer.get().buildSpan("<YOUR_OP_NAME>").start()
            // ...
            span.finish()
        }
       .doOnSubscribe {
           val span = GlobalTracer.get()
               .buildSpan("<YOUR_OP_NAME>")
               .start()
           GlobalTracer.get().scopeManager().activate(span)
       }
       .doFinally {
           GlobalTracer.get().scopeManager().activeSpan()?.let {
               it.finish()
           }
       }
   ```
### RxJava + Retrofit
For a continuous trace inside a RxJava stream that uses Retrofit for the network requests:
1. Configure the [Datadog Interceptor](#okhttp)

> 2. Use the [Retrofit RxJava][9] adapters to use synchronous Observables for the network requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the [Retrofit RxJava][9] adapters to use synchronous observables for the network requests:
```

**Note**: If you use multiple Interceptors, this one must be called first.

### RxJava

To provide a continuous trace inside a RxJava stream you need to follow the steps below:
1. Add the [OpenTracing for RxJava][8] dependency into your project and follow the **Readme** file 
   for instructions. For example for a continuous trace you just have to add:
   ```kotlin
   TracingRxJava3Utils.enableTracing(GlobalTracer.get())
   ```
2. Then in your project open a scope when the Observable is subscribed and close it when it completes. Any span
   created inside the stream operators will be displayed inside this scope (parent Span):
   ```kotlin
    Single.fromSupplier{}
        .subscribeOn(Schedulers.io())
        .map { 
            val span = GlobalTracer.get().buildSpan("<YOUR_OP_NAME>").start()
            // ...
            span.finish()
        }
       .doOnSubscribe {
           val span = GlobalTracer.get()
               .buildSpan("<YOUR_OP_NAME>")
               .start()
           GlobalTracer.get().scopeManager().activate(span)
       }

>        .doOnTerminate {

Reviewer 2: what if downstream unsubscribes before stream terminates, then we will have unfinished span?

Author: This is just an example which in normal conditions should work. We cannot cover all the corner cases in these examples and it's in the user responsibility to make sure he's handling those well.

Reviewer 2: yes, completely agree that it is up to the user. my point is that symmetric callback for `doOnSubscribe` will be either `doFinally` or `doOnDispose`

Author: Oh...you are definitely right here. I will change it :), not used with all these new Rx operators

           GlobalTracer.get().scopeManager().activeSpan()?.let {
               it.finish()
           }
       }
   ```
### RxJava + Retrofit
For a continuous trace inside a RxJava stream that uses Retrofit for the network requests:
1. Configure the [Datadog Interceptor](#okhttp)
2. Use the [Retrofit RxJava][9] adapters to use synchronous Observables for the network requests:
```kotlin
   Retrofit.Builder()

>    .baseUrl("<YOUR_URL>")

Reviewer 2: nit: indent is missing a bit

>    .addCallAdapterFactory(RxJava3CallAdapterFactory.createSynchronous())

Reviewer 2: should we write about async `.create()` and its limitations?

Author: I think it is inferred automatically from the statement that they should use `createSynchronous`

   .client(okHttpClient)
   .build()
```
3. Open a scope around your Rx stream as follows:
```kotlin

>         remoteDataSource.getData(query)

Reviewer 2: indent can be reduced I think for this code block

[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#api-keys
[6]: https://square.github.io/okhttp/interceptors/
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/android/?tab=us
[8]: https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/java-rxjava

> [9]: https://github.com/square/retrofit/tree/master/retrofit-adapters/rxjava2

Reviewer 2: I think link should be pointing to `RxJava 3` version if we use it as an example.
